Auto-rehoming of RBR tables no longer experimental (#15403)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/set-locality.md

Once enabled, the auto-rehoming behavior described here has the following limitations:

- It **will only apply to newly created `REGIONAL BY ROW` tables**. Existing `REGIONAL BY ROW` tables will not be auto-rehomed.
- The [`crdb_region`](#crdb_region) column from a [`REGIONAL BY ROW`](#set-the-table-locality-to-regional-by-row) table cannot be referenced as a [foreign key](foreign-key.html) from another table.

To enable it using the [session setting](set-vars.html), issue the following statement:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
SET enable_auto_rehoming = on;
~~~

~~~
SET
~~~

#### Example

1. Follow steps 1 and 2 from the [Low Latency Reads and Writes in a Multi-Region Cluster](demo-low-latency-multi-region-deployment.html) tutorial. This will involve starting a [`cockroach demo`](cockroach-demo.html) cluster in a terminal window (call it _terminal 1_).

> 1. From the [SQL client](cockroach-sql.html) running in terminal 1, set the cluster setting that enables auto-rehoming. You must issue this session setting before creating the `REGIONAL BY ROW` tables this feature operates on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the [SQL client](cockroach-sql.html) running in terminal 1, set the cluster setting that enables auto-rehoming. You must issue this session setting before creating the `REGIONAL BY ROW` tables that you want auto-rehomed.
```

Author: Updated to use this suggestion, thanks!

> 1. From the [SQL client](cockroach-sql.html) running in terminal 1, set the cluster setting that enables auto-rehoming. You must issue this session setting before creating the `REGIONAL BY ROW` tables this feature operates on.

Reviewer 2: i think "set the cluster setting" should say "set the session setting" instead. or just "setting"
